i promised i was going to do my best to
keep tj out of prison and that's what
i'm going to do
i'm not talking to you i'm talking
it's about me though
i'm really just following my calling
being a motivational speaker last i
checked her the subject of a 10-minute
student film
not the green mile anything's possible
it's like prison you know you just
got to use your imagination
have you contacted your family y'all
kidding right my family probably waiting
for me outside
right now they be here
i just bought a new way what up mama i
know you didn't bring these cameras with
you this is my room
got the whole room smelling like michael
moore
being tj's p.o is frustrated he stayed
doing some
stupid don't sugarcoat that
just tell me how you feel you like it or
not
it was trash like hot garbage man
you that verse was colder than
pale and eq that let's do the
hook
as of today i'm strictly on my
billionaire grind i denounced that petty
hustle hey
i got y'all got some change or bus
passing to ho
i'm gonna build my motivational company
from the flow up till it blow up and get
my door hey you black guys
[Music]
hey take you can take that out they
can edit that out
why can't your ass park on the street
like regular people
how much they pay for your little life
story
that's classified you don't need bars to
be in prison
you gotta ask yourself why is it a
fresh out the joint to see a brighter
future for you and you can see
yourself
desired position doggy style
no you fill it out
you